This repository contains a dataset that proposed in the paper " Unveiling The Impact of Mandatory IP Location Disclosure on Social Media Users' Shared Emotions: A Regression Discontinuity Analysis Based on Weibo Data". Social media serves as a vital channel for users to express emotions, while IP location constitutes sensitive personal information during usage. All Chinese social media plat-forms implemented a mandatory IP location disclosure feature in 2022, while existing re-search remains inconclusive regarding how this feature affects users shared emotions. To address this gap, this study uses Python to collect a sample dataset of 193,761 Weibo posts published under the topic of depression from March 1 to June 30, 2022. Taking the implementation of the mandatory IP location disclosure feature on April 28, 2022, as the breakpoint, we apply sentiment analysis and regression discontinuity in time methods to examine changes in the emotional intensity of user-generated content before and after the feature’s introduction. The findings indicate that the feature significantly intensifies negative emotional expression, increasing its negativity compared to earlier posts, while exert-ing a comparatively weaker influence on positive emotional content. Moreover, a noticeable decline in the length and volume of posts suggests that the feature has led users to re-duce self-disclosure and adopt privacy management strategies on Weibo. This study offers theoretical insights into the emotional consequences of platform design and provides practical implications for the implementation of privacy-sensitive features.
